GH-8704: Add global property for `defaultTimeout` (#8706)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/global-properties.adoc

<9> A boolean flag to indicate that default global `errorChannel` must ignore dispatching errors and pass the message to the next handler.
Since version 5.5.

> <10> A milliseconds for request and reply timeouts in endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<10> The default number of milliseconds for request and reply timeouts in endpoints.
```

Default value is 30 seconds to avoid indefinite blocking.

> Can be configured to a negative value to restore blocking behaviour in endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be configured to a negative value to restore infinite blocking behavior in endpoints.
```
